All right, so we're going to dive
into variables and data types.
And these are gonna be the simple ones.
So numbers, strings, lists,
those kinds of things.
We're going to go ahead and
open up the ripple.
Once you have the rappel open.
My fiuas code does not
want to start the rappel.
Unless it's done so
in a different terminal.
>> I was having a similar issue, where I
had the repo open on one of the terminals,
I tried to open a new one and
run the file,
it would keep using the old
one that the repo running.
I don't know how to open a new
Python terminal, like a second one.
>> Yeah.
So there, that's a great question.
Somebody asked, how do you open
a new Python terminal, envious code.
You should see here a drop down and
this'll be all of the different
terminals that you have open.
You can open a regular terminal
with the plus symbol here.
Or in the command palette,
if you have the Python extension
you'll see Python Create Terminal.
And that will create a new terminal
with your virtual environment activated.
I'm going to hit Delete and close all of
these out and try to start my rebel again.
There we go.
Let's come up now.
Yeah, sometimes there's small changes
in VS code throughout versions.
So if something's not working,
shut it down, start it back up, or
in this case, just close all of your open
terminal windows and start from scratch.
Hopefully you don't run into
the same issue that I did.
Well, so you should all have your REPL
open and see these three arrows and
a blinking cursor to indicate that
you can now start typing into it.
So I mentioned earlier that
Python is a dynamic language.
And we defined some variables earlier
on when we were exploring the REPL.
If you come from a language like Java,
you will notice that I didn't
have to specify the type.
When I instantiated this variable,
I didn't have to tell Python, hey,
this is an integer.
I could just define whatever
variable I wanted and the.
Type it doesn't need to be consistent
throughout the execution of your code.
So this could be a number in one instance,
I can change it to a string and in other.
This is something that you
want to be very mindful of
because it can introduce
a lot of subtle bugs.
And because Python is a dynamic language,
naming variables is very, very important.
So you want to be as explicit as possible.
Once you've moved on
from the learning phase.
You really want to avoid having
any single variable names where
you're not really sure.
What they do, because you're gonna
end up in a world of pain afterwards.
So be as descriptive in naming
your variables as possible.
Now, in Python convention
says that your variable
should be lowercased and
separated with underscores.
That is called snake casing,
which I think is pretty cute.
Snake case naming your variables and
snake case is convention in Python.
So try to follow that as much as possible
regardless of what the convention
is in the programming language
that you're coming to Python from.
In Python variable names cannot start
with special symbols or numbers.
So if I try to name a variable like this,
I'm going to get a syntax error
saying that this is invalid syntax.
There are some variable names that
Python will allow you to use.
But you really shouldn't.
And these are special keywords in Python.
They are built in functions.
And this is something that might
bite you as you're learning Python.
But I think you'll quickly start to
recognize when this is happening.
And when we start working in files,
those keywords will be a different color.
And so you'll be able to recognize
them a little bit more easily.
So some obvious keywords are going
to result in syntax errors.
If I tried to name a variable if
that's a invalid syntax syntax error,
because that's the definition
of an if statement.
But here's a really subtle bug that bit me
so many times when I was learning Python.
So in Python, one of the ways that
you can declare a list because in
Python everything is an object is
by calling the list constructor.
And that just returns an empty list.
Will this let's do this is
this a syntax error in Python?
Now, Note is not.
Now if we try to make a new list
again using the list constructor,
we're going to get an error
that says that stir.
Stir meaning string.
Object is not callable.
Because what's actually happening under
the hood is that Python is trying to
do this.
You've just made the list
constructor into a string.
And this is one way of having very,
very subtle annoying errors.
So don't name.
Don't name your variables,
things like stir list, etc.
If you're not sure while you're working
on the RAPLE you can type in one
of these keywords just right in the RAPLE
and it will come back with class.
In this case class int.
That means that this is one
of those built in Python.